well this is the YouTube channel video
we're mostly going to be dealing with
Bible prophecy patina'd Israel will
cover some containing to the United
States and Europe and mostly we're going
to be dealing with Israel the Middle
East a little bit of Europe in America
okay we're going to be using mostly at
King James but sometimes we'll work with
the Hebrew and the Greek particularly
the Hebrew more so in the Greek we work
with the prophets in the Old Testament
heavily and the New Testament we're
going to get into the two witnesses big
time which are in revelation 11 and the
also should be reading Zechariah 4 with
that and it's not you know Elijah or
John the Baptist's or things like that
Dave it's electing a demand to dialing
once in authority
they've already died I mean Elijah went
up in the chariot and he's with God and
he couldn't be there with God with a
mortal body because it wouldn't work
so at some point he had either on the
way up but before he went up but when he
got there he got an immortal body and so
it's not them and we deal with the next
temple called the zekiel temple which
you can read about the great falling
away in Ezekiel 8 to 11 I know you don't
often hear this but if you look at the
architectural layout of the of the
temple in Ezekiel 8 to 11 it definitely
matches the layout that you read about
where the abomination of desolation is
set up in Daniel and revelation and if
you've got doubts about the glory of God
read acts 755 which is the stoning of
Stephen and you see he looked up into
heaven and full of the holy spirit
that's one and he saw God Jesus and the
glory of God so the Holy Spirit is one
and then the other three makes for good
by Trinity
acts 755 read it if you don't want to
believe your Bible how can i I can't
help breed it acts 755 and you read
Ezekiel 8 to 11 with Ezekiel 43 which is
the entrance of the glory of God into
the temple coming from the east coming
from the Mount of Olives and you can
read about him over there by reading go
zechariah chapters 12 to 14 we're going
to get into the end times battles and
we're going to discuss why they're using
roman era weapons we're going to talk
about darkness covering the earth and
we're going to make an analogy to
Pharaohs Egypt when God put a heavy
darkness on Egypt it's so dark and heavy
they could feel it yet Israel had light
their dwellings and we're going to
discuss that is a typology and my name
is Moshe and I'm your host and I'm an
Israelite and Jewish Israelite and I'm a
cone which is a Levite descended from
the line of Aaron and that means you
eligible to be high priests I don't
expect to be a high priest but the
eligibility is in the bloodline we're
going to discuss the land in the latter
chapters of Ezekiel like 45 46 and 47
and the division of the land and you're
going to see that the Gentile believers
clinging to the tribes of Israel are
going to get an equal portion of the
land so God gives them as much of the
land as he gives city Israelites which
got to tell you something speaks volumes
okay in a good way
and we're going to discuss the
restoration of Israel which should be
starting and Israel's turning into
having a 70th birthday in three and a
half years the three and a half is a
very symbolic number so is the seventy
we're going to get we be getting into
all of these types of things okay so
this is not a typical channel channel
and everything is coming out of the
Bible
okay and you'll find it very challenging
and very stimulating and we're going to
get into a lot of topic
big said others don't get into okay
like in Ezekiel 3839 would read nothing
of the temple we read nothing of the
beast and the false prophet and the
abomination of desolation is just not in
there the Israelites don't yet know God
it says because they do at the end so
this is not a battle that's going to
take place down the road very much it's
quite soon and you know Psalm 83 is a
soft prayer request it's not a battle
there's no Psalm 83 war read it for
yourself
it's a prayer requests not a war you
know so we get into the daughter of
Babylon and the Whore of Babylon and the
daughter of Babylon and revelation 1718
Jeremiah 50 51 Isaiah 13 and 47 and we
discuss who that is and we hope you
enjoy it and next month in January we're
going to have a tremendous new dynamics
added to the channel it's going to be
extremely exciting thank you